Utter actions (#5297)
RasaHQ/rasa: changelog/5174.doc.rst

> Removed the need to explicitly add utterance actions to the domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updated the documentation to properly suggest not to explicitly add utterance actions to the domain.
```
